Title: My bike is back
Date: 2018-04-10 00:14:25
PostImage: article_images/default-post-thumbnail.jpg
Status: draft

[et_pb_section fb_built="1" _builder_version="3.0.47"][et_pb_row custom_padding="||0px|" custom_margin="||0px|" padding_bottom_1="0px" _builder_version="3.0.106" custom_css_main_element="margin: 0;||padding: 0;"][et_pb_column type="4_4" _builder_version="3.0.106" padding_bottom="0px" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.106"]Well, I had some work done on my bike. And I missed it dearly for the week it was in the shop. But just yesterday my rebuilt shock was shipped back and after some quick tweaks to my suspension, shifting, and brakes I headed out for an evening ride. You can imagine my surprise when I arrive at the trailhead, look at my bike on the rack, and see platform pedals where clipless should be. Don't worry, they aren't the shop's pedals. Though that would be a riot. They're my pedals. That I threw on to ride around the yard. Now I'm standing there with my clipless shoes and no other footwear in the car. And I want to ride bad enough that I jump on my bike and pedal up the hill anyway!




[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row custom_padding="0px||0px|" custom_margin="0px||0px|" padding_top_1="0px" padding_bottom_1="0px" _builder_version="3.0.106"][et_pb_column type="4_4" _builder_version="3.0.106" padding_bottom="0px" padding_top="0px" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_image src="/images/article_images/2018/04/20180412_184535-01.jpeg" _builder_version="3.2" alt="Balsam root blooms above the Columbia River Gorge."][/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row _builder_version="3.0.106"][et_pb_column type="4_4" _builder_version="3.0.106" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text _builder_version="3.0.106"]It was rough on the way up. I couldn't even count how many times my feet were knocked off by the tiniest bumps in the trail. I wouldn't recommend giving this a go. Unless you're just a glutton for punishment. Eventually, I reached the top. Feeling a little nervous for the descent I applied myself wholeheartedly to getting a few photos of the recently bloomed wildflowers. As the sun set though, I knew I had to get going. I rode my usual route down a treacherous rocky trail. And to my surprise stayed on the pedals quite well. It was terrifying, and I had to make a lot of awkward foot adjustments. But I made it down without any bashed shins or trips over the bars. All in all a successful ride.
[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]