Title: Work harder, And Smarter
Date: 2018-04-19 23:47:09
PostImage: article_images/default-post-thumbnail.jpg
Status: draft

[et_pb_section fb_built="1" admin_label="section" _builder_version="3.0.47"][et_pb_row admin_label="row" _builder_version="3.0.47" background_size="initial" background_position="top_left" background_repeat="repeat"][et_pb_column type="4_4" _builder_version="3.0.47" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_text admin_label="Text" _builder_version="3.0.47" background_size="initial" background_position="top_left" background_repeat="repeat"]					I'm trying to get back to a bit more of a rigid schedule with the intent of putting in a more respectable number of hours each week. I recently landed my first web development contract and was so excited that I slipped up and allowed myself to fall off my wagon. What I mean, is that I had set up a schedule that seemed to be working for me. I was putting in enough hours each week that I felt I was making continual progress. Landing that contract left me feeling as though I had put in enough hard work and now the rest would be smooth sailing. In this mindstate, I abandoned the schedule I had crafted and decided to work whenever I pleased. The next thing I knew two weeks had passed with little effort or time put in on my existing projects as well as the distinct feeling of stagnation that seems to occur when I haven't recently progressed in a measurable way.

What I'm getting at is that yes, working smart is great. And yes in the right circumstances it may allow you to put in fewer hours. But when it comes down to it. To make real progress, and continually make real progress, you have to put in the hours. There's no getting around it. In this overpopulated, competitive world there will always be someone else willing to. The only way you can keep up is to mold yourself into one of the few highly motivated, hard working individuals that consistently find their way to the top.

I think the key to working harder is willpower. I've heard people say that willpower is a limited resource. That you have to know how much you have and ration it on the things that matter. From experience, I believe it. However, I don't believe that you're stuck with a fixed amount of willpower as long as you live. I think it's a lot like any other muscle, and the harder you work it the more strength you'll have. You likely won't start with as much strength as you'd like. But if you work hard, give yourself time to recover, and stick with it in the long run, I think anyone can increase their reserves. The only question is whether or not you're willing to get started. I am, once again, because there's no better day to start than today.

Also here's a picture of a goat. And yes I took this picture of this goat.[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][et_pb_row _builder_version="3.1.1"][et_pb_column type="4_4" _builder_version="3.1.1" parallax="off" parallax_method="on"][et_pb_image _builder_version="3.1.1" src="/images/article_images/2018/04/DSC01704.jpg"][/et_pb_image][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]